network: add support for `podman network update` and `--network-dns-server` (#16732)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-network-create.1.md

Disables the DNS plugin for this network which if enabled, can perform container to container name
resolution.

> #### **--dns**

Reviewer: this accepts a value so you need to add `=*ip*`

also mention that this can be set several times

> Set network scoped DNS resolver/nameserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set network scoped DNS resolver/nameserver for containers in this network. If not set the host servers from `/etc/resolv.conf` will be used.  Can be overwritten on container level with the `podman run/create --dns` option. This option can be specified multiple times to set more then one IP.
```

> Set network scoped DNS resolver/nameserver for containers in this network. If not set the host servers from `/etc/resolv.conf` will be used.  Can be overwritten on container level with the `podman run/create --dns` option. This option can be specified multiple times to set more then one IP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set network-scoped DNS resolver/nameserver for containers in this network. If not set, the host servers from `/etc/resolv.conf` will be used.  It can be overwritten on the container level with the `podman run/create --dns` option. This option can be specified multiple times to set more than one IP.
```
